chore: update project for app settings configuration first (#17)
slack-samples/bolt-python-jira-functions: README.md

## Setup

Before getting started, make sure you have a development workspace where you
have permissions to install apps. If you don’t have one setup, go ahead and
[create one](https://slack.com/create).

### Developer Program

Join the [Slack Developer Program](https://api.slack.com/developer-program) for
exclusive access to sandbox environments for building and testing your apps,
tooling, and resources created to help developers build and grow.

## Installation

### Create a Slack App

1. Open [https://api.slack.com/apps/new](https://api.slack.com/apps/new) and
   choose "From an app manifest"
2. Choose the workspace you want to install the application to
3. Copy the contents of [manifest.json](./manifest.json) into the text box that
   says `*Paste your manifest code here*` (within the JSON tab) and click _Next_
4. Review the configuration and click _Create_
5. Click _Install_ button and _Allow_ on the screen that follows. You'll then be
   redirected to the App Settings dashboard.

### Environment Variables

Before you can run the app, you'll need to store some environment variables.

1. Rename `.example.env` to `.env`

> 2. Open your apps configuration page from this list, click **OAuth &

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open your app settings page from this list, click **OAuth &
```
